#
# $Id$
#

The most basic usage of this package is

  nbspglradmap <nids file>

for example 

  nbspglradmap n0rjua_20110808_1948.nids

The file name must end in ".nids" and start with the "awips" header,
such as n0rjua in this case.

The nbspglradmap (tcl) script will then do the following behind
the scenes. It will exec the nbspgislib programs to convert the
nids file data to shapefile format, and it will then
exec another (tcl) script "nbspglmap". The latter takes as input
the shapefiles and a mapserver "map script" to create the radar image.

The "nbspglmap" script can be used independently and it has many
options to control its behaviour, and in particular it can be used to
create mosaics of several input shapefiles files (e.g. radar mosaics of
a given region covering several sites), as well as other data (e.g. sat)
types.

Thus, in summary, "nbspglmap" is a low level interface while
"nbspglradmap" is a higher level interface for the radar files.

For the interested reader, the "map script template" for the bref
radar images is in the subdirectory "share/nbspgislib/maps".

This package includes some simple scripts to illustrate its basic
usage which also serve as tests.

1) testx-bref
  
   To prepare the test, execute

   make tests

   This will create a "bin" directory with the relevant tcl scripts
   mentioned above, and a "tests" directory where the tests will be
   carried out.

   To complete the installation, the following programs from the nbspgislib
   library must be copied (manually) to the "bin" directory

   nbspunz
   nbspradgis
   nbspradinfo
   nbspsatgis
   nbspsatinfo

   The bin-xxxx subdirectories have those programs already compiled
   for some Os's.

   Then, inside the "tests" directory, the test-bref script can be
   executed thus:

   ./test1-bref.sh jua n0r
   ./test1-bref.sh jua n0q
   ./test1-bref.sh jua n0z
   ....

   The script will download (from opennoaaport.net) the "latest" nids file
   for the given site/type combination, and will then invoke the
   two tcl scripts to process the nids file and generate the image.

   ./test2-bref n0r

    will do a n0r composite of the TX sites.
